Docs: mark up FTP.retrbinary and FTP.storbinary with param lists (#114399)
python/cpython: Doc/library/ftplib.rst

   .. method:: FTP.retrbinary(cmd, callback, blocksize=8192, rest=None)

      Retrieve a file in binary transfer mode.

      :param str cmd:

>         An appropriate ``STOR`` command: :samp:`"STOR {filename}"`.

Author: I'm not quite sure about the `:samp:` role here; perhaps the previous double backtick was good enough.

Reviewer: Looks OK to me.

      :param callback:
         A single parameter callable that is called
         for each block of data received,
         with its single argument being the data as :class:`bytes`.
      :type callback: :term:`callable`

      :param int blocksize:
         The maximum chunk size to read on the low-level
         :class:`~socket.socket` object created to do the actual transfer.
         This also corresponds to the largest size of data
         that will be passed to *callback*.

>          Defaults to 8192.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         Defaults to ``8192``.
```

Author: Is that the recommended way to mark up integer literals?

      :param int rest:
         A ``REST`` command to be sent to the server.

>          See the corresponding named parameter to the :meth:`transfercmd` method.

Author: The wording feels a little bit off-kilter. Perhaps a native speaker could help me improve this.

>          See the corresponding named parameter to the :meth:`transfercmd` method.

Reviewer: A couple of suggestions:
```suggestion
         See the documentation for the :meth:`transfercmd` method parameter
         with the same name.
```
```suggestion
         See the documentation for the *rest* parameter of the :meth:`transfercmd` method.
```

Author: ```suggestion
         See the documentation for the *rest* parameter of the :meth:`transfercmd` method
         for more details.
```

Author: ~~Alternatively, we can use substitutions here as well.~~ Let's leave that as a possible future enhancement.

   .. method:: FTP.storbinary(cmd, fp, blocksize=8192, callback=None, rest=None)

      Store a file in binary transfer mode.  *cmd* should be an appropriate
      ``STOR`` command: ``"STOR filename"``. *fp* is a :term:`file object`

>       (opened in binary mode) which is read until EOF using its :meth:`~io.IOBase.read`

Author: FYI: `~io.IOBase.read` is a dead end.

        An appropriate ``STOR`` command: :samp:`"STOR {filename}"`.

      :param fp:
         A file object (opened in binary mode) which is read until EOF,
         using its :meth:`~io.RawIOBase.read` method in blocks of size *blocksize*
         to provide the data to be stored.
      :type fp: :term:`file object`

      :param int blocksize:
         The read block size.

>          Defaults to 8192.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         Defaults to ``8192``.
```

      :param callback:
         A single parameter callable that is called
         for each block of data sent,
         with its single argument being the data as :class:`bytes`.
      :type callback: :term:`callable`

      :param int rest:
         A ``REST`` command to be sent to the server.

>          See the corresponding named parameter to the :meth:`transfercmd` method.

Reviewer: A couple of suggestions:
```suggestion
         See the documentation for the :meth:`transfercmd` method parameter
         with the same name.
```
```suggestion
         See the documentation for the *rest* parameter of the :meth:`transfercmd` method.
```

Author: ```suggestion
         See the documentation for the *rest* parameter of the :meth:`transfercmd` method
         for more details.
```

      .. versionchanged:: 3.2

>          The *rest* parameter added.

Author: ```suggestion
         The *rest* parameter was added.
```

Author: Resolved with 6497bb827d58ff01e79bc7e224248d0b945b0fbf
